We all need to pick a day to try and make trend. There's been a lot of lying in this family. And a lot of love! More lies. Hey, if I can't find a horny immigrant by then, I don't deserve to stay. He… she… what's the difference? Oh hear, hear. In the dark, it all looks the same. Early. 

I spent so much time making sweet love on my wife that it's hard to hear anything over the clatter of her breasts. I shall hide behind the couch. (Guy's a pro.) It was the first taste of alcohol Buster had since he was nursing. Chickens don't clap!

The guy runs a prison, he can have any piece of ass he wants. That was Tom Cruise, the actor. They said he was some kind of scientist. Fried cheese… with club sauce. You just grab that brownish area by its points and you don't let go no matter what your mother tells you! Although George Michael had only got to second base, he'd gone in head first, like Pete Rose. Although George Michael had only got to second base, he'd gone in head first, like Pete Rose. Michael was concerned that he was caught in a lie about his family. The family was concerned that they were being confronted by a woman they had clubbed, drugged, and left on a bench. Touché, Pandora. 


Absolutely. And we're going to be here every day. I don't care if it takes from now till the end of Shrimpfest. Don't call my escorts whores. ♪♪ Somewhere… over the rainbow… there's another rainbow… ♪♪ Am I in two thirds of a hospital room? The worst that could happen is that I could spill coffee all over this $3,000 suit. COME ON. Great, now I'm gonna smell to high heaven like a tuna melt! Pound is tic-tac-toe, right? You need to do more with Rita. Believe me, I'd like to. 


This is not what it looks like. It looks like you're tweaking her nipples through a chain-link fence. Talk you off what, Pop Pop? Waiting for the Emmys. BTW did you know won 6 Emmys and was still canceled early by Fox? COME ON.

I've been in the film business for a while but I just cant seem to get one in the can. Douche chill! Probably out there without a flipper, swimming around in a circle, freaking out his whole family. Oh, yes, there absolutely will be a margarita made in my mouth. Are all the guys in here… you know? George Sr: No not all of them. Barry: Yeah. It's never the ones you hope. 